.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2009 2010 2010 ... 2022 2023
.\"     John McCue <jmccue@jmcunx.com>
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.TH DEGREE 1 "2020/09/23" "JMC" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
degree - simple Temperature Conversion Utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
degree [OPTIONS] [value...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Convert temperature to various scales.
If no values specified, read from stdin.
.TP
-C
Optional, convert from Centigrade Scale (default)
.TP
-F
Optional, convert from Fahrenheit Scale
.TP
-K
Optional, convert from Kelvin Scale
.TP
-R
Optional, convert from Rankine Scale
.TP
-h
Show brief help and exit.
.TP
-p fmt
Optional, specify output Format of the Converted Temperatures.
Also only print the default converted value.
.nf
    fmt  prints
    ---  ----------------------------
    a    32.00
    b    32
    c    32.00x   (x = Degree Unit)
    d    32x      (x = Degree Unit)
    e    32.00x   (x = Degree Unit)
    f    32x      (x = Degree Unit)
.fi
.TP
-q
Optional, print one converted Temperature.
.TP
-V
Output version information and exit.
.SH SEE-ALSO
bc(1),
dc(1),
units(1)
.SH ERROR-CODES
.nf
0 success
1 processing error or help/rev displayed
.fi
